Machine learning docs 10.15 (#582)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/remaining-useful-life-bundle/getting-started.md

---
title: Getting Started
layout: redirect
weight: 30

aliases:
  - /predictive-analytics/remaining-useful-life/#getting-started
---

> We have added a *CONFIG.json* file to the attached ZIP file. This file is meant for capturing the tenant details and credentials which will be used by the demo scripts.

Reviewer: is "we" the right way to address the reader here?

Reviewer: Done

> First of all, update the *CONFIG.json* with the appropriate values and save it. Replace `c_url` with your tenant URL, `c_user` with your tenant username and `c_pass` with your tenant password. Leave the `c_device_source` and `c_device_pred` as is for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following steps:

1.  Update the *CONFIG.json* with the appropriate values and save it. 
2. Replace `c_url` with your tenant URL, `c_user` with your tenant username and `c_pass` with your tenant password. 
3. Leave the `c_device_source` and `c_device_pred`.
```

---

> title: Getting Started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Getting started
```
